Update LLM/AI policy (#539)
FuturFusion/migration-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

## License and copyright

By default, any contribution to this project is made under the Apache 2.0 license.

The author of a change remains the copyright holder of their code (no copyright assignment).

## Policy on the use of Large Language Models (LLMs) and AI tooling
### For issue reporting

We do NOT allow direct filing of issues by LLMs.

We REQUIRE a human being to go through our issue reporting form on
Github and accurately describe their issue and provide all needed
information.

The more concise and to the point the issue is, the more likely it is to
be understood, tracked down and resolved quickly.

Long winded AI written essays can easily look overwhelming and cause our
maintainers and other contributors to just entirely skip the issue to
focus their energy on something else.

We also don't benefit from AI generated root cause analysis or proposed
fixes in those issues. If you yourself understand the code base well
enough to go through that content and suggested fix, then turn it into a
pull request and submit it yourself. Otherwise, please limit your report
to describing the issue at hand and we'll take it from there.

### For contributions

> We REQUIRE all contributions to IncusOS to be submitted by human beings who

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We REQUIRE all contributions to Migration Manager to be submitted by human beings who
```

can assert full copyright ownership of their contribution or have been
allowed by their employer to contribute. This is what the DCO (see below)
requires of all contributors.

AI tools can sometimes be beneficial, particularly when it comes to
finding patterns among a large data set (entire code base), performing
tedious repetitive changes or large refactoring/re-organization.

While we now tolerate the use of such tools, they must abide by our
instructions (`AGENTS.md`) and their operators cannot override those
instructions.

> We expect everyone contributing to IncusOS to fully own their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect everyone contributing to Migration Manager to fully own their
```
